1. What is dependency injection
2. what is bean autowiring
3. which implementation of application context gave us control to shutdown container
4. (Code Snippet) which of the following xml is the correct code snippet for injecting values using setter or correction injection
5. which of the following annotation are used for spring lifecycle in framework
6. in spring application context the singleton are by default lazy or eager
7. what is dispatcher servlet
8. what is the role of context loader listner
9. which of the following code snippet is correct for view resolver spring mvc
10. does hibernate support dependency injection
11. (Code Snippet) instantiating session in hibernate - where is hibernate look for in hibernate.cfg.xml file 
12. which state of object ensures synchronization in database when object config is changed
13. which of the following convert object from transient to persistent state
14. which of the following is JSP life cycle method 
15. which of the following JSP directives used for import JSP
16. which of the following Not a JSP Implicit Object
17. (Code Snippet) reading request parameter(in PDF)
18. Difference between get parameters and get attribute methods
19. which of the following is not a directive in jsp 
20. which of the following Container service allows to look up for services
21. which of the following is the correct annotation for foreign key in hibernate
22. which of the following is fake strategies supported by the hibernate(check boxes)
23. which strategy fires only a single query to get parent and child record
24. which xml attribute is responsible to save update and delete child record by parent in database(Ans. CASCADE)
25. which is default mode of loading child elements in hibernate 
26. (Code Snippet) what is the role of dialect in this code
27. (Code Snippet) for specifying mapping in cfg file
28. what is servlet init method is called
29. all the possible ways to redirect control from one page to another in servlet and jsp
30. (Code Snippet) string param = get.param
		   x.____ (name) to read int parameter
		   what type of object x should be
31. (Code Snippet) - nahi hai shayad
32. different Scope in servlet and jsp
33. Spring configuration can be written in ,select all that apply
34. which of the following is not a stereotype of the component
35. which of the following make the method transaction aware
36. which of the following is false about lazy loading
37. which of the following is the directories entry for making error page in jsp
38. a servlet is child of _______
39. which of the following is the correct annotation for servlet 
40. which http session method ends session
41. (Code Snippet) native hql or sql query
42. which of the following is the correct annotation for request mapping (Variations in attribute names)
43. what Autowired annotation does
44. which of the following are mandatory annotations for making hibernate entry
45. which of the following is the correct syntax for importing external javascript
46. (Code Snippet) what will output of following code(Tag is not closed)
47. where an function in javascript are
48. which of the following loop manages the cursor implicitly
49. which of the following parameter type acts as a constant
50. (Code Snippet) nested group functions, is it a valid SQL query
51. which of the following statement help in invoking database stored procedures in jdbc
52. (Code Snippet) join query, identify the join
53. (Code Snippet) cursor , try to fill rowcount before fetch and after fetch 
54. which of the following is the synchronized collection 
55. what can be done to sorting custom object in a tree set 
