
1)what is dependency injection (design pattern) (In Dependency Injection, you do not have to create your objects but have to describe how they should be created. You don’t connect your components and services together in the code directly, but describe which services are needed by which components in the configuration file. The IoC container will wire them up together.)
2)what is bean autowiring? (without using constructor-arg andproperty)
3)wich implementation of applicationcontext give sus control to shutdown container?
4) Since which of following is correct code snippet for injecting values using setter or constructor injection
5) which annotations in life cycle for spring framework postconstruct predestroy
6)singleton beans are (not thread safe)
7)dispachter servlet (Httprequest and response)
8)role of contextloaderlistner
9)which of foloowing code snippet is correct to configure viewresolver in spring mvc
10)does hibernate support dependency injection
11)code snippet for instancete=ing session in hibernate including configuration and session factory
where hibernate will look for hibernate.cfg.xml      -classpath
12)which state of obj ensures synchronisation which state (persistant state-ans)
13)transisent to persistent state -(save)
14)jsp lifecycle method
15jsp directive is used for import
16)not jsp implicit obj (totla 9 hai)
16.5)predict behaviour of welcome wala in pdf.
17)diff get patrameter and getattribute methods
18)wh.o.t.f not a directive in JSP
19)wh.o.t .f conatiner service allows to lookup for resources
20)wh.t.f is correct anotation for composite key i hibernate
21)h.m fetch strategies in hibernate?
22)wh.strategies firesonly single query to get parent and child records.
23)wh.xml attribute is responisble to save update delete in db (-cascade)
24)wh.o.f default mode of loading of child elements in hibernate
25)code snippet in hibernate to scare u
what is role of dialect?
26)code snippet for mapping entry in cfg file
27)what tiem of servlet init method is call  at initialisation
28 all possiblke ways to redirect onctrol in  servelte and jsp
29)String param = get
x.____(name) what type of obj x should be
30)scope in servlets and jsp (Application,session,request,page)
31)spring conf can be written in select and apply
32)w.o.f is not a stereotype (@Bean)
33)makes a method transaction aware
34)w.o.f is false aboyt lazy loadig
35)w.o.f is directive entry for making a error in jsp (iserror)
36)servlet is child of ___(context)
37)correct annotation for servlet
38)which httpmethod ends session
39)code snippet native sql or hql query?
40)w.o.f is correct annotation of requestmapping in spring mvc(variations in attribure names)
41)autowired annotation does?
42)w.o.f   (entity and id)
43)w.o.f correct isyntac for imorting external jsvascipot
44)code snippet w/o closing titletag what will be the ouput
45)var n function in javascriptare (Declaration types)
46)w.o.f loop manages the cursor implicity
47)w.o.f parameter type acts as constant
48)query with nested gropu function 
is it a valid sql query
49)w.o.f statement helps in invoking database stored procedures in jdbc
50)join query need to identify tyope of join?
51)code snippet on cursor that trys to print row count before fecth and after fetch
52)w.o.f is synchronised collection> vector
53)what can be done to sorting custom objs in tree set